Fix the problem we found with #8242 (#8959)
hyperledger/besu: CHANGELOG.md

- Add option to trace reference tests during execution [#8878](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/pull/8878)
- Expose methods to query hardfork by block header or for the next block in the Plugin API [#8909](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/pull/8909)
- Generate distribution dependencies catalog [#8987](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/pull/8987)

> - Improve the sync perfomance by not RLP decoding bodies during sync. This means we are using less memory and CPU, allowing us to increase the prallelism of the download pripeline. [#8959]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve the sync performance by not RLP decoding bodies during sync. This means we are using less memory and CPU, allowing us to increase the parallelism of the download pipeline, which has been increased from 4 to 8. Can be reduced again with  `--Xsynchronizer-downloader-parallelism=4` [#8959]
```
